provide link to MDN documentation for Number.prototype.toString() (#17917)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/object/tostring/index.md

## Parameters

> By default `toString()` takes no parameters. However, objects that inherit from `Object` may override it with their own implementation that do take parameters. For example, the `toString()` methods implemented by {{jsxref("Number")}} and {{jsxref("BigInt")}} take an optional `radix` parameter, as can been seen [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number/toString). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default `toString()` takes no parameters. However, objects that inherit from `Object` may override it with their own implementation that do take parameters. For example, the [`Number.prototype.toString()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number/toString) and [`BigInt.prototype.toString()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigInt/toString) methods take an optional `radix` parameter. 
```

> By default `toString()` takes no parameters. However, objects that inherit from `Object` may override it with their own implementation that do take parameters. For example, the [`Number.prototype.toString()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number/toString) and [`BigInt.prototype.toString()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigInt/toString) methods take an optional `radix` parameter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default `toString()` takes no parameters. However, objects that inherit from `Object` may override it with their own implementation that do take parameters. For example, the [`Number.prototype.toString()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number/toString) and [`BigInt.prototype.toString()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigInt/toString) methods take an optional `radix` parameter.
```
